# CS-255-Module-Eight-Journal
 # Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design? What did you do particularly well?

  The DriverPass project's aim is to create a system that helps individuals pass their DMV driving exams. The company DriverPass, wanted a system that had online courses and practice exams. As well as inperson driving instructors that took the customers out and tought them how to drive. For these features we needed to include appointment scheduling for the driving lessons, notifications for the appointments, and allow access from any device. One strength I had was making sure that I addressed all the user's needs and was user-friendly. I believe that I had a clear specification of functional and non-functional requirements aswell. 
  # If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
  To enhance DriverPass I think I would have put more effort in making the user interface more visually appealing and functional. I would improve by using the user's feedback to address issues that they had noticed as well as making parts more accessable for some users. 
  # How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
  For the user's needs we implemented online courses and practice exams as well as ensuring that the system was accessible from any device, giving the user's the flexibility to learn from anywhere. The importance of cinsidering User Needs is to make sure that the user is satisfied and is willing to choose this system over other competiters. 
  # How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
  The approach to designing software was first gathering the requirements by interviews with the stakeholders. Next I analyzed the information and found key functions that the system would need. Next was to design the structure of the system. Then I started to work on wireframes to visualize ther system. Lastly would be to implement the prototype and start coding and making sure everything works together correctly. In the future I would incorporate the Agile method by using development cycles to refine the system based on feedback from users.
